The Joe Rogan experience. How do we promote looking at people as individuals?
Cause I think that is really that that's,
that's one of the keys to getting out this mess. It is,
is to stop tribal ideological recognition and,
and definitions of humans. Just to look at people's. This is Tom,
this is sad. This is this guy. This is that girl.
This is this non-binary person, whatever the they're.
I think that's a lot to learn from children in that regard.
Cuz I don't think kids generally do that. They don't give a. Kids don't care.
They don't give a. Kids don't care. I mean, where I grew up in Saudi Arabia,
I mean off the bat,
I was just surrounded by people of all different skin colors,
different nationalities, different religions. And it was just always cool.
Some of these ideas, like I'd never heard people talking about race
anytime more in my life than now, which is really weird to me. Right.
You know, in, in the nineties, in the thousands,
I wasn't hearing people talking about, you know, white privilege, this white,
white man that white and suddenly it it's like, you know, oh,
let me tell you about my, my blackness or you know,
you're hearing terms like blackness and whiteness. And I'm just like,
what are you even talking about? Like, this is, this is nonsense.
People of color this, but I, I can't stand that term by the way. Um, you know,
<laugh> like just all this terminology and people are just talking in these
really bizarre ways and just kind of grouping people into these
weird groups. And I'm just like, what's the point of all this? What's.
The purpose here. They, they get some juice out of it. You know?
That's why it for them it's worth the squeeze. Yeah. Cuz they get something,
you know,
they get something by appealing to fellow Europeans or by appealing
to, you know, like the straight pride parade, you know,
they got a bunch of people to follow parade. They got together.
Like I'm so proud of being straight, like, oh great.
You're proud of being 90% of the population. More than that. Yeah.
Straight people are under attack. Like what does that mean? But it's so crazy.
I don't know. Gay pride makes sense. They,
I know a bunch of guys,
well I know at least three that are in the closet that wanna come out.
But can't yeah. They're scared. Yeah.
Whether it's cuz of their career or cuz their life, you know,
they're gay amongst their friends, they let their friend,
but they don't want to tell anybody. So for them it's.
Like a lot of conservatives, right? Gay.
Gay is the only thing that you can hide.
Right? Like if, if you are black, it's obvious. Yeah.
If you're white, it's obvious if you're gay. No one knows. Yeah. No one knows.
Yeah. So you could hear people say gay jokes and say mean things and,
and you could just swallow it and like, you know,
and you could feel terrible and you could hear pastors talk about how you're
going to hell if you're gay and you're like. And they are gay. Yeah.
And they can't come out. So for them, the idea of gay pride makes sense.
It's a celebration. It's an affirmation that it's okay to be who you are. Yeah.
That's that makes sense. Straight pride is preposterous.
<laugh> it's so ridiculous, man. Every, most people are straight.
What are you doing? Yeah.
You you're taking time outta your busy day and you're gonna March.
You gotta fly. What what's if the gay pride thing is a rainbow,
what do, uh, what does straight people get? I dunno.
What's the, it's kind of greedy. They took the whole rainbow though. They did.
They.
Stole it from the Lecan it's greedy. What is the, uh,
let's stop and think about that. Like what is the straight pride flag?
What color would it be?
Um, maybe all black or all white. I don't know. Uh, or black and white.
I don't know.
What is it? Black and white. White. Is it black and white for real?
There's a flag. There is. I said. I meant to say flag. <laugh> sorry. Canceled.
<laugh> uh, really? There's a, I mean Googled it.
There's pictures of it says it's from box. Please put up the stray. Oh, there.
We go. Yeah. Black and Christ. Oh, it's exactly what I thought it would be.
I was gonna say it'll have the mail in females. You.
Nailed it. Look at that. That's incredible a meme, but I don't know, bro.
We need to get that. Yeah. We need to hang one of those in the studio.
Straight pride flag. Holy. Holy.
There's a straight pride flag.
It's flags for everything though. Aren't they?
God. That's hilarious though. Meanwhile, the gay one,
they have a way better flag. <laugh> make America straight again. Oh my God.
Oh my God. It's straight dude. That's why there's so many of us. You idiot.
<laugh> America is mostly straight. That's why there's 320 million people.
Oh God.
Yeah man. Look, people, people can do what they want, man. I.
The fact that I was joking thinking there's a straight pride flag and the fact
that you, you nailed it perfectly. Oh, that's probably black and white.
That's another one. Red and pink and blue. The outta here with that one. Nah.
Is that another one? Yeah. Oh,
so there's does division amongst the straight pride folks that can't decide.
What's what, it's great to be straight. Look at this. Oh, what do you get?
What do you get? People that no one wants a. Look at him.
Look at him that guy's got an American flag bandana. You ain't Hulk Hogan.
You take that thing off right now. <laugh> better bandana around his head stop.
Oh, well what do we dozo? Oh, keep.
Doing, keep doing what we're doing, man.
I think discussion to answer your question.
I think discussion is what is needed to keep the,
keep the lid on the lid on the pot. I think,
I think that's why it's, you know,
when we're talking about like de platforming and all that kind of stuff,
all that stuff plays into the polarization. As far as I'm concerned. I agree.
Um, you know, it drives people underground.
It pushes people to radical fringes and whatnot.
What you want is just keep the communication channels open. I mean,
you've only got three ways of dealing with any conflict. You can talk,
you can segregate or you can fight. Yeah.
It doesn't matter if you're talking individually or countries that those are the
only three options.
So as soon as discussion breaks down or people don't want to talk or people
think, oh, I can't talk to that person. Cuz they,
they voted Trump or they voted leave or they voted, uh,
liberal or they voted Democrat or whatever. Yeah.
As soon as that breaks down and I mean, it's crazy.
You're seeing all these stories about couples breaking up or families where
the parents won't talk to the kids anymore or vice versa or mm-hmm <affirmative>
people are kind of, you know,
exiling and denouncing their own friends and family over politics.
And when I see stuff like that, I'm like, that is sad. Yeah. That's very,
very sad. I mean, if you, you can have a disagreement, you can say, okay,
I believe in this, I think this I'm gonna vote that way you vote that way. Cool.
But you can still be friends. You can still be brothers.
You can still be cool like that stuff. I mean,
if stuff is functioning correctly,
politics shouldn't play such a huge role in your life.
It should be a very much a background thing. You know what I mean?
It's just there. Um, I.
Mean it's also one of the main characteristics in cults yeah.
Is to separate you from anybody that disagrees it is. It really is. I mean,
that's one of the things that they do in, they separate you from your family.
It's one of the first things.
They do it is. And that's how people end up in echo chambers. People are like,
oh how did we not see Trump coming? It's like,
you didn't see Trump coming cuz you don't talk to half the population. Right.
And if you live in these high population areas where everyone has the same sort
of ideology or shares that ideology, it becomes a real problem.
New York and LA in.
Particular, it's weird. I mean it happens the two things, it,
I guess it happens with most are politics and, and religion, right?
So if you live in a place where everybody is religious and everybody is of the
same faith,
then it's easy to sort of assume and behave in a way that everybody
else in the world or outside thinks and believes the exact
same things. Everybody, you know, does, mm. The same thing can happen.
Politically. If someone lives in a, you know,
a super liberal area or a super conservative area, you can just think, okay,
well everyone, everyone I know thinks this. Yeah.
So that's what everybody thinks. Yeah. And a lot of people, I mean,
I'm a musician, you're a comedian. We,
we both go own respective countries to, to different places.
And you talk to different people. You have this podcast,
you've had all kinds of people of different persuasions on here,
religious non-religious, you know,
political all across the spectrum and whatever.
So I'd imagine that you can understand and empathize
with all of the positions. You've got your own views, but it can be like, okay,
I get what I get at where that person is coming from.
Or I get how that person believes that. Or I, or I get that.
And just that level of empathy is really what is needed.
I think it's really just about empathy.
It's about being able to understand that most people,
most people want the world to be a better place.
There aren't that many people who wake up every day think it are.
I wanna make the world worse. I wanna make my life worse.
I wanna make my families. Most people wanna make stuff better.
People have different ideas on what will make things better.
But I think as long as people sort of extend that charity to other people,
and don't try to consider things in the worst possible way.
If somebody says something, whether online or offline,
don't try to interpret it in the worst possible way that you could or read some
kind of malice to it. That's not there.
Just understand that coming from a good place, you may disagree.
And then you can have that discussion.
And even if people don't change their minds,
you at least understand other people better.